Clarify entity naming (#1437)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/entity.md

## Basic implementation

Below is an example switch entity that keeps track of its state in memory.
In addition, the switch in the example represents the main feature of a device,
meaning it has the same name as its device.

Please refer to [Entity naming](#entity-naming) for how to give an entity its own name.

```python
from homeassistant.components.switch import SwitchEntity

class MySwitch(SwitchEntity):
    _attr_has_entity_name = True

>     _attr_name = False

Reviewer: The default is `None` so we can remove this.
```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Should we set a unique_id too? Otherwise the new naming feature won't activate.

Author: Not only is a `unique_id` needed, the entity also needs to be tied to a device one way or the other.

Maybe we can mention in the note that the example is not complete and add a link to the device registry documentation?

Reviewer: Sound good.

## Basic implementation

Below is an example switch entity that keeps track of its state in memory.
In addition, the switch in the example represents the main feature of a device,

> meaning it has the same name as its device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meaning the entity has the same name as its device.
```

The entity's name property only identifies the data point represented by the entity, and should not include the name of the device or the type of the entity. So for a sensor that represents the power usage of its device, this would be “Power usage”.

> If there's a single main feature of a device it should typically have its name property return `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the entity represents a single main feature of a device the entity should typically have its name property return `None`.
```

Entity names should start with a capital letter, the rest of the words are lower case (unless it's a proper noun or a capitalized abbreviation of course).

#### Example of a switch entity which is the main feature of a device

*Note: The example is using class attributes to implement properties, for other ways
to implement properties see [Property implementation.](#property-implementation)*
*Note: The example is incomplete, the `unique_id` property must be implemented, and the entity
must be [registered with a device.](/docs/device_registry_index#defining-devices)

```python
from homeassistant.components.switch import SwitchEntity

class MySwitch(SwitchEntity):
    _attr_has_entity_name = True
    _attr_name = None

>     @property
>     def name(self):
>         """Name of the entity."""
>         return "My Switch"
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
